Document problems with building coroutines-using Android projects (#2288)
Kotlin/kotlinx.coroutines: README.md

R8 and ProGuard rules are bundled into the [`kotlinx-coroutines-android`](ui/kotlinx-coroutines-android) module.
For more details see ["Optimization" section for Android](ui/kotlinx-coroutines-android/README.md#optimization). 

#### Avoiding including the debug infrastructure in the resulting APK

> `kotlinx-coroutines-core` provides resources that are not required for the applications to operate and are only needed
> for debugging coroutine-using code. To exclude them at no loss of functionality, add the following to the `android`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kotlinx-coroutines-core` artifact contains a resource file that is not required for the coroutines to operate normally and is only used by the debugger. To exclude it at no loss of functionality, add the following snippet to the `android`
```
